API Access and Analytics Program Terms
 
API ACCESS PROGRAM TERMS - If you participate in the API Access Program in a particular country, the following Program Terms apply.

USE. If we grant you API Access in connection with a Program(s) (“API Access Program”), API Access will be considered part of such Program(s). “API Access” is the ability, via the API Code, to access certain Program account information and/or features, and to execute commands for your Program account(s). You may not use your API Access, including any data obtained therefrom, for purposes other than managing your Program account(s) to which the API Access relates. In the event your use of a Program terminates, your API Access to such Program will terminate immediately. We may limit, modify, or terminate your API Access, in our discretion, at any time, and such modifications may require you to make changes, at your expense, to the API Code for continued API Access. “API Code” is software enabling API Access created by you or us using an XML/SOAP interface we specify. You may not use API Access pursuant to this section if you are party to another agreement with a Yahoo Company that provides for such access.

CODE. If we give you Yahoo Code, either the API Code itself or software to be incorporated into the API Code developed by you, we grant you a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited, internal-use license to use the Yahoo Code given to you by us solely for API Access. Upon our request, you will make the API Code available to us for our review, and notify us of the features and functionality of such API Code and the application to which the API Code connects. Your use of API Access must not place an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our systems (as determined by us) or exceed access frequency limits set by us from time to time. If you are a Representative, this Section gives you, and not the Advertiser(s), API Access.

EFFECTS OF TERMINATION. None of the terms and conditions of the API Access Program Terms will survive the termination of these API Access Program Terms or the Program Terms of the Program for which you have been granted API Access.

ANALYTICS PROGRAM TERMS – If you participate in the Analytics Program in a particular country, the following Program Terms apply.

USE. We may provide you with Analytics in connection with a Program(s) for your use (“Analytics Program”). “Analytics” is Yahoo Code for insertion on your webpages to enable the analytical tools available for your account. Provided that you install Analytics, Yahoo Code will be delivered into the Internet browser of visitors to your website(s) during their interaction with your website(s). Subject to the terms of the Agreement, we grant you a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited, internal-use license for use with your Program account to use, execute, and display Analytics on your website. During the Analytics set-up process, we may append certain parameters to the URL associated with your ad to enable the Analytics Program. You may not edit or delete such parameters, which would prevent the proper functioning of Analytics and would render impaired or inaccurate results. In connection with the Analytics Program, you may not, directly or indirectly, transmit to a Yahoo Entity any PII of the visitors to your website(s).

YOUR WEBSITE. While Analytics is on your website(s), you will: (i) obtain all rights and permissions necessary for the Yahoo Entities to use the Analytics data, including statistical and traffic information collected by us and/or provided by you, as contemplated under the Agreement, and (ii) maintain and adhere to a privacy policy on your website(s) which must, at a minimum: (a) be available as a clear and conspicuous link from the main page of your website(s) and any other website page where visitors may provide PII, (b) comply with all applicable Laws, and (c) contain language materially similar to the following:

“We have contracted with Yahoo to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting web traffic, statistics, advertisement ‘click-throughs,’ and/or other activities on our website. No personally identifiable data is transferred to Yahoo by us. Where authorized by us, Yahoo may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. However, if you choose, you may opt out from Yahoo’s collection of such information outside of the Yahoo distribution network, by clicking on the following link: [you must insert the link to the applicable Yahoo privacy policy based on where you are using Analytics, for example in the U.S. it would be https://policies.yahoo.com/privacy/] .”

EFFECTS OF TERMINATION. Upon termination of these Analytics Program Terms or the Program Terms of the Program for which you have been provided Analytics, (i) you must promptly remove or have removed the Analytics from your website(s) and all items under your possession, custody, and/or control, and (ii) Section 2(i), above, will survive.

These API Access & Analytics Program Terms were last updated on March 23, 2009.