DOT Program Terms
 
DOT PROGRAM TERMS - By placing the Dot tag on your site, you are participating in the Dot Program and the following Program Terms shall apply, and be subject to the Master Terms and Conditions located at https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/terms/advertising/masterterms/masterterms-322/index.htm and not any other Program Terms at that link or which you and we have entered. Any terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Master Terms and Conditions.

USE. We may provide you with Dot in connection with your participation in the Dot Program. “Dot” is Yahoo Code for insertion on your webpages to enable analytical, optimization, targeting, and other tools available for your account. Provided that you install Dot, Yahoo Code will be delivered into the Internet browser of visitors to your website(s) during their interaction with your website(s). Subject to the terms of the Agreement, we grant you a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited internal-use license to use, execute, and display Dot on your website.
YOUR WEBSITE. As a condition of using Dot, you will: (i) obtain on behalf of the Yahoo Entities all rights and permissions necessary for the Yahoo Entities to use the data collected by them and/or provided by you, whether via Dot or other Yahoo Code, (ii) ensure that your use of Dot complies with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising available at http://www.aboutads.info/principles (which may be amended from time-to-time by the promulgators thereof) (“SRG-OBA”), or such other standards we may subsequently designate, and (iii) maintain and adhere to a privacy policy on your website(s) which must, at a minimum: (a) be available as a clear and conspicuous link from the main page of your website(s) and any other website page where Dot may be deployed, (b) clearly and prominently display the notice and opt-out link in Section 3, below, and (c) comply with all applicable Laws. In connection with the Dot Program, you may not, directly or indirectly, transmit to a Yahoo Entity any PII of the visitors to your website(s).
NOTICE AND ABILITY TO OPT-OUT. You will prominently display within your website’s privacy policy a notice that includes each of the following disclosures in close proximity: (i) a statement that third-party web beacons and cookies are used on your website to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to visitors on that and other websites, (ii) a statement that describes your use of the data gathered in connection with your participation in the Dot Program (“Dot Data”), and (iii) a statement that describes how visitors may learn more about the choices offered in connection with the use of Dot Data, including an active link to one of the following URLs: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (or the appropriate link for your country available on https://policies.yahoo.com/xw/en/yahoo/privacy/optout/, if you are participating in the Dot Program outside the United States).
EFFECTS OF TERMINATION. Upon termination of these Dot Program Terms, you must promptly remove or have removed Dot from your website(s) and anywhere else it appears under your control. Section 2(i) and this Section 4 of these Dot Program Terms shall survive termination.
These Dot Program Terms were last updated on February 5, 2015.