Yahoo Gemini Promotional Code Terms and Conditions
 
This is an offer (“Offer”) for Yahoo Gemini Promotional Credit (“Promotional Credit”) which can be redeemed against Yahoo Gemini Advertising, provided you successfully sign up for and hold a Yahoo Gemini account.

The following terms and conditions apply to your Offer:

This Offer is subject to Yahoo's approval of your advertising campaign and your acceptance of the relevant Yahoo advertising terms and conditions. Other terms and conditions may apply.
This Offer is void where it is not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
This Offer applies solely to Advertisers that have not previously opened a Yahoo Gemini account with Yahoo.
This Offer may only be redeemed by Advertisers, whose country of billing address, is the territory indicated in the Offer (“Offer's Territory”).
This Offer is valid for a limited period only and Yahoo expressly reserves the right to cancel or modify this promotion at any time for any reason.
In order to activate the Offer, you should enter the promotional code indicated in your Offer through the billing tab on the Yahoo Gemini platform on or before the date indicated on the Offer. The value of the Promotional Credit will appear on the Yahoo Gemini platform.
Any portion of the Promotional Credit not used within ninety days of the date of activation will expire. Charges will be deducted from your Promotional Credit.
Use of the Promotional Credit is restricted to self-serve accounts with electronic payment method enabled. Your electronic payment information must be entered into your account at the time the credit is being redeemed and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. Your electronic payment must be successfully billed and your account must be in good standing in order to qualify for the promotional credit.
Advertisers will be responsible for all charges that exceed the Promotional Credit but they can suspend their campaign at any time if they do not want to incur additional charges. Advertisers will not be notified once the Promotional Credit is exhausted. It is the sole responsibility of the advertiser to monitor their Yahoo Gemini account.
You must fund your account with the greater of the minimum charge relevant to the Offer's Territory as set in the Minimum Charge Table below or the minimum charge amount set out in the Offer, in order to qualify for the Promotional Credit.
This Offer may not be combined with any other offer or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. The promotional code has no promotional value. The Promotional Credit is non-refundable.