Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball Additional Terms of Service
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Welcome to Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball ("Fantasy Basketball"), owned and operated by Yahoo. Yahoo offers the Fantasy Basketball service to you subject to these Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball Additional Terms of Service ("Additional Terms") (which supplement the Yahoo Terms of Service ("TOS"), located at https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/terms/otos/index.html, and are hereby incorporated by reference), the Yahoo Fantasy Basketball official game rules ("Official Game Rules", located at https://help.yahoo.com/kb/fantasy-basketball), and any other rules or guidelines that may be published by Yahoo on a periodic basis (any of which may be updated by Yahoo from time to time) (collectively, the "Agreement"). Capitalized terms not defined in these Additional Terms have the meanings ascribed to them in the TOS. For clarity, Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball is a "Service" as defined in the TOS. ANY PARTICIPATION IN FANTASY BASKETBALL WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE ABOVE, PLEASE DO NOT PARTICIPATE IN FANTASY BASKETBALL.

YAHOO ID REQUIREMENT
To participate in Fantasy Basketball, you must have a valid Yahoo ID. If you do not have a Yahoo ID, you will be prompted to sign up for one before completing the registration process for Fantasy Basketball.

TERMINATION
If (a) it appears you have engaged in cheating or manipulation of the Service, or (b) Yahoo otherwise believes you have acted in a manner inconsistent with the spirit or the letter of the TOS or these Additional Terms, your Fantasy Basketball account may be suspended or cancelled immediately and all information contained within it immediately deleted or made inaccessible. Yahoo may, but has no duty to, immediately terminate your access to the Service if Yahoo in its sole opinion concludes that you have provided false information in connection with your registration data. Yahoo accepts no liability for information that is deleted due to the termination of your account.

ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
ALL STATISTICS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH FANTASY BASKETBALL ARE UNOFFICIAL. Fantasy Basketball and its respective components are offered for informational and/or entertainment purposes only. While Yahoo and the third parties used to provide the Fantasy Basketball Service (the "Third Party Providers") use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, neither Yahoo nor its Third Party Providers warrant or make any representations of any kind with respect to the information provided to you through the Fantasy Basketball Service. Yahoo and its Third Party Providers shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Fantasy Basketball Service, and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions in that information.

ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY
Fantasy Basketball is for entertainment purposes only and may not be used in connection with any form of gambling or wagering or for any other commercial endeavors.

COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
By signing up for Fantasy Basketball, you agree to Yahoo's use of your personal information as described in Yahoo's Privacy Policy, located at https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/products/mediaservices/index.html.

YAHOO'S RESERVATION OF RIGHTS
Yahoo expressly reserves the right to immediately modify, suspend or terminate your account and refuse current or future use of any Yahoo service, including the Fantasy Basketball Service, if Yahoo, in its sole discretion: (a) believes you have violated or tried to violate the rights of others; (b) becomes aware of information indicating a safety concern for you, other Yahoo users, or the general public, or (c) believes that you have acted inconsistently with the spirit or letter of the TOS, these Additional Terms, or the Official Game Rules. Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball and its related benefits are offered at the discretion of Yahoo, and Yahoo has the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball Service, in whole or in part for any reason, with or without notice to you. You agree that Yahoo will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modifications or discontinuance of the Service.

INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Yahoo, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, or other partners, and employees, from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of, or participation in, Fantasy Basketball, your connection to the Fantasy Basketball Service, your violation of the TOS, these Additional Terms, the Official Game Rules, or of any rights of another person or entity.

INVALIDITY OF SPECIFIC TERMS
If any provision of these Additional Terms or any document incorporated by reference is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of such documents remain in full force and effect.

LOCATION OF LAWSUIT
The TOS, which apply to your use of Fantasy Basketball, provide that both you and Yahoo agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California, USA. The TOS, these Additional Terms and the relationship between you and Yahoo will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

WHAT TO DO IF YOU WITNESS A VIOLATION
If you witness any user activity in Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball that violates the TOS, these Additional Terms or the Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball Official Game Rules then in effect, please notify us of the activity via the contact form located at https://io.help.yahoo.com/contact/index?page=contact&locale=en_US&y=PROD_SPORTS_FAN_BASKET. Yahoo cannot guarantee that any action will be taken as a result of your email, but we appreciate your help in making the service a fun place for everyone.

Thanks for participating in Yahoo Sports Fantasy Basketball.